We covered quite a bit in this module.
We went through record and playback testing. We explored the
generated Selenese and spoke about how we're going to use that in
our web driver functionality going forward.
We also used assert and verify to make sure that we were getting what
we were expecting from our tests and whether we wanted it to halt or
to continue on and just report on it.
And then from there, we went through an exported our code and
showed how we can do that to save a test for future use and
hand it off to somebody else.
And finally, we went through and did some of the debugging to show
that we want to go through and use relative paths rather than
absolute paths so that we can export that test for different environments and use that going forward.